Using wasm to accelerate PixelManipulation.js (#1093)
publiclab/image-sequencer: README.md

This method returns an object which defines the name and inputs of the modules. If a module name (hyphenated) is passed in the method, then only the details of that module are returned.

The `notify` function takes two parameters `msg` and `id`, former being the message to be displayed on console (in case of CLI and node ) and a HTML component(in browser). The id is optional and is useful for HTML interface to give appropriate IDs.

## Using WebAssembly for heavy pixel processing

> As of now, any of the modules, which uses changePixel function uses wasm as well. Both node and browser code use WebAssembly and the only region of fallback to the initial code is the one under browserified unit tests.

Reviewer: Can you link to the browerified unit tests you're referring to?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any module which uses the `changePixel` function gets WebAssembly acceleration (`wasm`). Both node and browser code use WebAssembly and the only code which falls back to non-`wasm` code is the [browserified unit tests](...).
```

Author: Doing now!!

> The main advantage we get using wasm is blazing fast speed attained in processing pixels for many modules that is very clear from the benchmarks itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main advantage we get using `wasm` is blazing fast speed attained in processing pixels for many modules that is very clear from [checking module benchmarks](...).
```

Author: Thanks!!

> The only limitation encountered was that the browser and node code for implementing wasm had to be written separately. This is because in browser we use ```fetch``` and in node we use ```fs``` module which both can't be used in other environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only limitation is that browser and node code for `wasm` had to be written separately, and switched between. This is because in browser we use `fetch` to retrieve the compiled `wasm` program while in node we use the `fs` module, each of which cannot be used in the other's environment.
```

Author: Thanks!!

> Also, one can toggle between the two modes, the wasm one and the non-wasm in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`wasm` mode is enabled by default. If you need to force this mode to be on or off, you can use the `useWasm` option when initializing ImageSequencer:
```

Reviewer: ^ this is accurate, right? Or have we made it default off? I think probably best to have it default on, no?

Author: Doing now!!

```js
let sequencer = ImageSequencer({useWasm:true}) // for wasm mode or

let sequencer = ImageSequencer({useWasm:false}) //for non-wasm mode or simply

> let sequencer = ImageSequencer() // also for non-wasm mode

Reviewer: If we make the default `on` then this section will have to be modified.

Author: Ok sure!!
